
aws
^^^


Description
***********

The AWS Command Line Interface is a unified tool to manage your AWS
services.


Synopsis
********

   aws [options] <command> <subcommand> [parameters]

Use *aws command help* for information on a specific command. Use *aws
help topics* to view a list of available help topics. The synopsis for
each command shows its parameters and their usage. Optional parameters
are shown in square brackets.


Global Options
**************

"--debug" (boolean)

Turn on debug logging.

"--endpoint-url" (string)

Override command's default URL with the given URL.

"--no-verify-ssl" (boolean)

By default, the AWS CLI uses SSL when communicating with AWS services.
For each SSL connection, the AWS CLI will verify SSL certificates.
This option overrides the default behavior of verifying SSL
certificates.

"--no-paginate" (boolean)

Disable automatic pagination.

"--output" (string)

The formatting style for command output.

* json

* text

* table

* yaml

* yaml-stream

"--query" (string)

A JMESPath query to use in filtering the response data.

"--profile" (string)

Use a specific profile from your credential file.

"--region" (string)

The region to use. Overrides config/env settings.

"--version" (string)

Display the version of this tool.

"--color" (string)

Turn on/off color output.

* on

* off

* auto

"--no-sign-request" (boolean)

Do not sign requests. Credentials will not be loaded if this argument
is provided.

"--ca-bundle" (string)

The CA certificate bundle to use when verifying SSL certificates.
Overrides config/env settings.

"--cli-read-timeout" (int)

The maximum socket read time in seconds. If the value is set to 0, the
socket read will be blocking and not timeout. The default value is 60
seconds.

"--cli-connect-timeout" (int)

The maximum socket connect time in seconds. If the value is set to 0,
the socket connect will be blocking and not timeout. The default value
is 60 seconds.

"--cli-binary-format" (string)

The formatting style to be used for binary blobs. The default format
is base64. The base64 format expects binary blobs to be provided as a
base64 encoded string. The raw-in-base64-out format preserves
compatibility with AWS CLI V1 behavior and binary values must be
passed literally. When providing contents from a file that map to a
binary blob "fileb://" will always be treated as binary and use the
file contents directly regardless of the "cli-binary-format" setting.
When using "file://" the file contents will need to properly formatted
for the configured "cli-binary-format".

* base64

* raw-in-base64-out

"--no-cli-pager" (boolean)

Disable cli pager for output.

"--cli-auto-prompt" (boolean)

Automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.

"--no-cli-auto-prompt" (boolean)

Disable automatically prompt for CLI input parameters.


Available Services
******************

* accessanalyzer

* account

* acm

* acm-pca

* alexaforbusiness

* amp

* amplify

* amplifybackend

* amplifyuibuilder

* apigateway

* apigatewaymanagementapi

* apigatewayv2

* appconfig

* appconfigdata

* appfabric

* appflow

* appintegrations

* application-autoscaling

* application-insights

* applicationcostprofiler

* appmesh

* apprunner

* appstream

* appsync

* arc-zonal-shift

* artifact

* athena

* auditmanager

* autoscaling

* autoscaling-plans

* b2bi

* backup

* backup-gateway

* backupstorage

* batch

* bcm-data-exports

* bedrock

* bedrock-agent

* bedrock-agent-runtime

* bedrock-runtime

* billingconductor

* braket

* budgets

* ce

* chatbot

* chime

* chime-sdk-identity

* chime-sdk-media-pipelines

* chime-sdk-meetings

* chime-sdk-messaging

* chime-sdk-voice

* cleanrooms

* cleanroomsml

* cli-dev

* cloud9

* cloudcontrol

* clouddirectory

* cloudformation

* cloudfront

* cloudfront-keyvaluestore

* cloudhsm

* cloudhsmv2

* cloudsearch

* cloudsearchdomain

* cloudtrail

* cloudtrail-data

* cloudwatch

* codeartifact

* codebuild

* codecatalyst

* codecommit

* codeconnections

* codeguru-reviewer

* codeguru-security

* codeguruprofiler

* codepipeline

* codestar

* codestar-connections

* codestar-notifications

* cognito-identity

* cognito-idp

* cognito-sync

* comprehend

* comprehendmedical

* compute-optimizer

* configservice

* configure

* connect

* connect-contact-lens

* connectcampaigns

* connectcases

* connectparticipant

* controlcatalog

* controltower

* cost-optimization-hub

* cur

* customer-profiles

* databrew

* dataexchange

* datapipeline

* datasync

* datazone

* dax

* ddb

* deadline

* deploy

* detective

* devicefarm

* devops-guru

* directconnect

* discovery

* dlm

* dms

* docdb

* docdb-elastic

* drs

* ds

* dynamodb

* dynamodbstreams

* ebs

* ec2

* ec2-instance-connect

* ecr

* ecr-public

* ecs

* efs

* eks

* eks-auth

* elastic-inference

* elasticache

* elasticbeanstalk

* elastictranscoder

* elb

* elbv2

* emr

* emr-containers

* emr-serverless

* entityresolution

* es

* events

* evidently

* finspace

* finspace-data

* firehose

* fis

* fms

* forecast

* forecastquery

* frauddetector

* freetier

* fsx

* gamelift

* glacier

* globalaccelerator

* glue

* grafana

* greengrass

* greengrassv2

* groundstation

* guardduty

* health

* healthlake

* help

* history

* honeycode

* iam

* identitystore

* imagebuilder

* importexport

* inspector

* inspector-scan

* inspector2

* internetmonitor

* iot

* iot-data

* iot-jobs-data

* iot1click-devices

* iot1click-projects

* iotanalytics

* iotdeviceadvisor

* iotevents

* iotevents-data

* iotfleethub

* iotfleetwise

* iotsecuretunneling

* iotsitewise

* iotthingsgraph

* iottwinmaker

* iotwireless

* ivs

* ivs-realtime

* ivschat

* kafka

* kafkaconnect

* kendra

* kendra-ranking

* keyspaces

* kinesis

* kinesis-video-archived-media

* kinesis-video-media

* kinesis-video-signaling

* kinesis-video-webrtc-storage

* kinesisanalytics

* kinesisanalyticsv2

* kinesisvideo

* kms

* lakeformation

* lambda

* launch-wizard

* lex-models

* lex-runtime

* lexv2-models

* lexv2-runtime

* license-manager

* license-manager-linux-subscriptions

* license-manager-user-subscriptions

* lightsail

* location

* logs

* lookoutequipment

* lookoutmetrics

* lookoutvision

* m2

* machinelearning

* macie2

* managedblockchain

* managedblockchain-query

* marketplace-agreement

* marketplace-catalog

* marketplace-deployment

* marketplace-entitlement

* marketplacecommerceanalytics

* mediaconnect

* mediaconvert

* medialive

* mediapackage

* mediapackage-vod

* mediapackagev2

* mediastore

* mediastore-data

* mediatailor

* medical-imaging

* memorydb

* meteringmarketplace

* mgh

* mgn

* migration-hub-refactor-spaces

* migrationhub-config

* migrationhuborchestrator

* migrationhubstrategy

* mobile

* mq

* mturk

* mwaa

* neptune

* neptune-graph

* neptunedata

* network-firewall

* networkmanager

* networkmonitor

* nimble

* oam

* omics

* opensearch

* opensearchserverless

* opsworks

* opsworks-cm

* organizations

* osis

* outposts

* panorama

* payment-cryptography

* payment-cryptography-data

* pca-connector-ad

* personalize

* personalize-events

* personalize-runtime

* pi

* pinpoint

* pinpoint-email

* pinpoint-sms-voice

* pinpoint-sms-voice-v2

* pipes

* polly

* pricing

* privatenetworks

* proton

* qbusiness

* qconnect

* qldb

* qldb-session

* quicksight

* ram

* rbin

* rds

* rds-data

* redshift

* redshift-data

* redshift-serverless

* rekognition

* repostspace

* resiliencehub

* resource-explorer-2

* resource-groups

* resourcegroupstaggingapi

* robomaker

* rolesanywhere

* route53

* route53-recovery-cluster

* route53-recovery-control-config

* route53-recovery-readiness

* route53domains

* route53profiles

* route53resolver

* rum

* s3

* s3api

* s3control

* s3outposts

* sagemaker

* sagemaker-a2i-runtime

* sagemaker-edge

* sagemaker-featurestore-runtime

* sagemaker-geospatial

* sagemaker-metrics

* sagemaker-runtime

* savingsplans

* scheduler

* schemas

* sdb

* secretsmanager

* securityhub

* securitylake

* serverlessrepo

* service-quotas

* servicecatalog

* servicecatalog-appregistry

* servicediscovery

* ses

* sesv2

* shield

* signer

* simspaceweaver

* sms

* snow-device-management

* snowball

* sns

* sqs

* ssm

* ssm-contacts

* ssm-incidents

* ssm-sap

* sso

* sso-admin

* sso-oidc

* stepfunctions

* storagegateway

* sts

* supplychain

* support

* support-app

* swf

* synthetics

* textract

* timestream-influxdb

* timestream-query

* timestream-write

* tnb

* transcribe

* transfer

* translate

* trustedadvisor

* verifiedpermissions

* voice-id

* vpc-lattice

* waf

* waf-regional

* wafv2

* wellarchitected

* wisdom

* workdocs

* worklink

* workmail

* workmailmessageflow

* workspaces

* workspaces-thin-client

* workspaces-web

* xray


See Also
********

* aws help topics

